
========================================
Scikit-learn Grenada 2011 sprint funding
========================================

This documents serves to organize and motivate funding for the
`scikit-learn` international sprint that will be held in Grenada, Sept
18-21 2011.

.. sectnum::

Scikit-learn: machine learning in Python
=========================================

Project usecases and benefits to the Python community
-----------------------------------------------------

The `scikit-learn` is a **BSD-licensed** project for machine learning using
Python and SciPy. Its goals are to find a good trade-off between **ease of
use** for non specialists, and **computational performance**.

In the modern data-intensive computing landscape, machine learning
algorithms undermine the decision and data mining strategies. Python is
increasingly used with big data, for instance by the web industries. It
shines in these settings because it is a general-purpose language with
e.g. a wealth of web frameworks or connectors to many data sources such
as relational databases. In parallel, Python enjoys a growing success in
the scientific computing communities. As a result, it benefits from
excellent numerical computing libraries. For these reasons, the Python
community has both the need and the tools for a easy-to-use yet
state-of-the-art machine learning library such as the `scikit-learn`.

The `scikit-learn` tries to bridge the gap between academic research and
general-purpose programming by being accessible to non-specialists. This
goal motivates the following choices:

- A strong focus on documentation and examples:
  http://scikit-learn.sf.net

- Ease of installation by keep the dependencies low (only numpy and
  scipy) and limiting the use of compiled code

- Simple API avoiding the use of machine-learning jargon

Computational performance is achieved by using recent algorithmic results
from machine learning academic research and careful profiling-based
optimization. The `scikit-learn` is consistently amongst the best
performing machine learning toolkit on mid-sized datasets (
http://scikit-learn.github.com/ml-benchmarks/ )

Community-driven development
-----------------------------

Github, activity, where do contributors come from

Past sprints

The Grenada sprint
====================

Why Grenada

Budget

